in the press release of the new skoda
octavia scout is reading that it is the
best car in its segment is that is
just not such an achievement as that it
it seems is the only car
the himself with
just go after the subaru outback that is
really a size too big and old as
a volvo v40 cross country
has no station wagon carriage so the
title best car is segment you can u
already sign up before we too
have only driven one meter
but still find out if it really is
has added value compared to one
normal skoda octavia combi
well the added value is that if you
you ever on a slope of degree or 50
down like we do now that you
Then you don't have to worry about it
falls down because of course it stands
the scout 30mm higher and he has that
black plastic bumpers for the extra
own look
but it's not just a little bit
beautiful making as you sometimes do
encountered with this type of crossover
the skoda octavia scout is also possible
actually what and that's why he becomes
just come with
four wheel drive
it is according to the haldex principle
so it's not the most advanced
form of four-wheel drive but skoda
was so kind to our either
trail to serve and that does
he actually quite nice
it's not that tim coronel you will
call at times that get stuck together
sedan car body
but if you now let's say one
swampy pasture has to go then that is
absolutely no problem
another advantage of the
four-wheel drive is that in the case
of the diesel you can also do more
so the mass may tow a trailer
of 2,000 pounds behind
so you move in like a horse trailer
a soggy meadow then this is your car
but what about added value
if you are prepared on asphalt
after one on the asphalt and there the
medical the dutch scouts or it
Most of the time they go away
actually not that much different feel
but with a normal octavia combination
it is a little higher injected is therefore
that it is more resilient and so I see something
comfortable but that difference is not
very big
so guess that code is targeted or
that driving comfort that his car quite
easy also gives bad roads
drive you do not feel so much
minute really nice
because he is comfortable
but not a week so also with you the bend
enters or not you directly to the
exterior finish less berm so
actually that is very good
succeeded and actually all normal
benefits of the normal combi also go
up for the scout that means in whole
spacious rear seats have a very large one
luggage room where six minutes standard
enter
yes or long distance car so on vacation
just goes very nice car
to travel in
we by offer that is very much
well-organized schools choose to
introduce him with 2 diesels and one
gasoline engine and in the Netherlands we get
so texas diesel not so the choice
is limited to two
a machine and a diesel is the diesel
a 2 liter tdi 150hp coupled to one
manual six-speed gearbox and the
gasoline engine of my driving that is one
live 8 tsi with 180 hp and standard dsg
and 180 hp which is quite a lot of mark
This octavia scout best under smooth
car but more than the raw power is the
taizé way will do its job
basically what you remember it all
so terribly naturally low
which caught more beautiful object in one
pass through their speed limiter without
murmur without noise than me whole
Obviously it got whole
A lot of rest comes on board of course
in part by those 6-speed DSG with
double link is I am very sorry
fast
actually unnoticed and also from it on
the right moment you are always in the
good gear without you
notes
then adjust the very well with it
comfortable chassis so if
long-distance cruising is just this one
very successful car
and yet that range of engines is what it
weak point shape of this scout
problem in the engine range of the
skoda octavia scout does not swear so much
in the free now itself because they are
otherwise fine but they are both
fairly potent engines and engines
are still off expensive in Netherlands
hence this octavia was a scout
is available from or more than 35,000
euro and that is a lot of money and you have
although a very reasonably equipped
car
but if you have a similar one
motorized and equipped octavia
If you are a combi you will soon see a few
a thousand euros cheaper and you take it
less powerful powertrain key
the netherlands also still more than sufficient
is then runs it just goes on
further to your question is not so much
This octavia scout has added value because
that you have the question is will
the Dutch consumer there is so high
more price for paying